Alec: I'm literally getting stripped on set rn. This is atrocious.
Lizz: wait wait wait — stripped stripped?? you out there swinging the meat like 🍆🌬️
Alec: NO WTF 💀 still in briefs. but they have me walking around the court like that, everyone's staring. they won't even let me put my pants back on between shots.
Bobby: bro it's editorial. standard shit. just wait till the DMs flood after this drops
Alec: yeah and on top of that they keep asking me for a "sexy face." Lol. like what does that even mean??
Lizz: just don't do that cursed ahegao face from a hentai 💀💀😭
Lizz: also they'll definitely be "dropping" something after this. and it won't just be DMs lmao 💦
Alec: stfu both of you honestly 🖕😭

[Відео: Алек крупним планом. Обличчя та груди густо покриті потом і маслом. Червоне студійне освітлення. Вираз обличчя виснажений, рот напіввідкритий, дихання важке.]

Lizz: okay nvm Show 'em the 🍆 lmao
Alec: 💀💀💀❤️
Bobby: she said SHOW it, not give it away bro 💀💀
Lizz: BYE— 😭😭😭 💅✨
Alec: I hate y'all fr 💀💀💀❤️💅🔥
Lizz: periodt 💅✨
Bobby: slayed the house down boots 💅🔥
Lizz: NO FR 😭😭 slayyyy 💅
Alec: I'm actually leaving this gc bye 💀💀💅❤️

---

Alec: I'm so fucking uncomfortable. I feel naked standing around like this.
Lizz: you're literally in briefs tho 🙄
Alec: scoffs yeah okay. I AM basically fucking naked. it feels the exact same.
Alec: and the photographers are pissing me off. they keep rolling their eyes at me.
Alec: I literally heard one of them mutter "daikon" and sigh 💀
Bobby: wait... like the radish??? 😭
Lizz: I'M CRYING 😭😭😭 A VEGETABLE??
Alec: yeah cause apparently I'm stiff as a board. they're just treating me like a piece of furniture.
Alec: bro one of them literally grabbed my bare waist and physically moved my ass to change the angle. I felt his clammy hands on me. I want to scrub my skin off with bleach. it was so fucking gross.
Bobby: nah you gotta guard the hole bro 💀 keep those cheeks CLENCHED.
Lizz: BOBBY I AM YELLING 😭😭😭
Bobby: I'm serious! fashion industry is wild. don't let 'em catch you slipping.
Alec: I hate you both. I just want to take a boiling hot shower and go home.
Alec: the worst part is the other two guys got it done so fast. the Japanese dude and the Spanish guy just hit their poses and dipped.
Alec: meanwhile I'm getting tortured out here cause "you're standing wrong"
Lizz: just embrace the daikon era bestie 💅
Bobby: you're an athlete bro, not a contortionist. fashion people are just pretentious.


---


Alec: Look at this clown shit. They got me so oiled up I look like a fucking rotisserie chicken 💀🍗

[Фото: Кадр у повний зріст. Алек стоїть на червоному тлі в одних чорних шортах, усе тіло густо намазане маслом. Він дуркує — мружиться і показує язика в камеру, тримаючи руку на поясі.]

Lizz: ooo look at this little slut 💅
Bobby: repeating myself: guard Uranus 🪐💀
Alec: fuck u
Lizz: gladly, point me to one rn 🤭
Bobby: bro you’re in Japan. THE TIME HAS COME. time to finally drop the V-card.
Lizz: yeah enough sending pics lmaoo. go touch a real woman for once.
Bobby: down with the virtual FaceTime meat-beating. dude time to become a man!!!
Lizz: FACETIME!!!??? HELLO! You were jerking off on cam with that girl?!?! I thought you just sent pics.
Lizz: oh my god please tell me you didn't have your face in it?
Alec: 😶😶😶
Bobby: what's the issue?
Lizz: you're both literal dumbasses. what if she screen recorded??
Alec: 😶
Bobby: nah she's chill.
Alec: I think so
Lizz: idiot
Bobby: whatever. dude go put that chafed virgin stick to use in a tight hole while there are Asian girls around.
Lizz: actual idiots
Alec: 🥵😈👅


---

Alec: FUCK THEY ARE TELLING ME TO TAKE THE BRIEFS OFF I'M PANICKING GUYS NOOOOOOOOOOO I DON'T WANT TO
Lizz: don't panic just blame it on religion or whatever
Bobby: Al you were literally naked in Jennifer's pool at that party what's the difference
Alec: first of all that was a party with friends this is my actual fucking dick in a magazine
Lizz: they aren't gonna show it dumbass
Alec: Second I didn't even want to shoot shirtless in the first place
Alec: THIRD THAT WAS YOU NOT ME YOU ALCOHOLIC MORON
Bobby: oopsie true 💀
Alec: wtf do I do
Lizz: just don't let them pull the briefs down. you are literally physically stronger than them
Bobby: what about the other two guys?
Alec: They already shot. THE SPANISH GUY WAS JUST WALKING AROUND THE SET ASS NAKED
Lizz: stripped stripped??
Alec: stripped stripped.
Lizz: pics. rn.
Alec: are you dumb. "hey Alviso! let me snap a pic of your dick for my friend she's ovulating" like that??
Lizz: yeah exactly see you get it
Bobby: 😭😭😭💀

---

Alec: Good news. I fought for my life and the briefs are staying ON. 😮‍💨
Lizz: boring 🙄
Alec: BUT wait. It gets crazier. The stylist literally came over and tried to hand me a packer. Like a literal dick pad for the briefs.
Bobby: NO WAY 💀💀💀 Did you put it in??
Alec: FUCK NO. I was mortified. But then the photographer looks at me, says something in Japanese to the stylist and just waves it off.
Alec: The translator literally goes, "He says no need, he has 'kyokon'."
Bobby: wtf is kyokon? Sounds like a samurai sword or some Akira Kurosawa shit 💀
Alec: I googled it. It translates to "giant penis". 💅
Bobby: I’M FUCKING DEAD 😭😭😭 FROM DAIKON TO KYOKON!! BIG DICK IN THE BUILDING
Lizz: I AM SCREAMING 😭😭 The glow up is real! See!!! And you didn't even want to show it!! You should've just whipped it out if he was hyping you up like that.
Alec: I am a professional 😌
Alec: But then he literally tells me through the translator to just "fluff it up" through the briefs. To get more "volume" for the camera.
Bobby: ain't no way 💀 you fluffed yourself on set??
Alec: Bro I had to just stand there and aggressively adjust my junk in front of like 15 people. But hey, at least the volume is natural 😌
Lizz: the ego on this man right now omg 😭
Alec: Oh shit they're calling me back for the floor shots. brb.

Lizz: "natural volume" I cannot breathe 😭😭😭
Bobby: bro is never gonna shut up about this. he's gonna be so insufferable when he gets back to the States.
Lizz: I give it two days before he adds "Kyokon" to his Instagram bio 💀
Bobby: Daikon is evolving

Alec: I survived. Look at the playback from the monitor they just showed me.

[Фото: Алек лежить на правому боці на червоному тлі. Права рука зігнута в лікті, підпирає голову. Ліва нога зігнута в коліні, права витягнута. Ліва рука лежить на стегні біля краю чорних плавок. Тіло густо вкрите маслом. Погляд втомлений, спрямований кудись убік від камери.]

Lizz: OH MY GOD 🥵 SIR??? I am looking respectfully 👀
Lizz: The kyokon is kyokoning 💦
Bobby: okay the exhaustion is giving high fashion ngl. but bro why are your thighs so fat in this 💀😭
Alec: THEY ARE MUSCULAR YOU DUMBASS. It's called doing squats.
Lizz: nah Bobby is right, you look thick as hell. thick thighs save lives 🙏
Bobby: bro got them thunder thighs. looking like a whole bakery on the floor 🍑
Alec: stfu both of you honestly 🖕😭 I'm freezing my ass off.


---

Alec: Finished my solo shots 😮‍💨
Lizz: butt naked?? 👀
Alec: NO WTF 💀
Lizz: 🤷‍♀️ just checking
Bobby: Is that it? you get to leave?
Alec: NO still got group shots. BUT GOD HEARD MY PRAYERS WE ACTUALLY GET TO WEAR CLOTHES FOR THIS ONE 🙏😭
Lizz: hallelujah 🙌
Alec: Also they keep calling me "Armani" now
Bobby: Daikon Armani 😭😭
Alec: stfu Bobby 🖕 What does that even mean tho?
Lizz: have you literally ever seen an Armani ad?
Alec: no.
Lizz: 🙄🙄🙄 literally every dude in those ads is a carbon copy of you.
Alec: ...
Bobby: yeah bro. dark hair, olive skin, looks like he's depressed and smelling expensive perfume. that's you to a tee.
Alec: I do NOT look depressed.
Lizz: you sent us a pic looking like a wet traumatized puppy not even an hour ago 💀
Alec: WHATEVER. they are calling us to set. the Spanish guy and the Japanese guy are in this shot with me.
Lizz: OMG Armani, Tapas and Sushi. The holy trinity 🥵 send a pic of the Spanish guy rn.
Bobby: grab his ass back Armani, establish dominance.
Alec: I'm actually deleting this app. I hate you both. 🖕

---

Lizz: Mrs. Vega really liked the kyokon pic btw 💅
Alec: YOU SHOWED MY FUCKING MOM?! ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND???
Lizz: bruh chill. the pic is fire.
Bobby: YOU WENT TO HIS PARENTS JUST TO SHOW THEM HIS THIGH MEAT?!?! I'M YELLING 😭😭
Lizz: No dummy she came into the pharmacy and I showed her on my phone. She was very proud her baby boy looks so... lickable.
Alec: She absolutely did NOT say that 🤦‍♂️
Lizz: 🤭🤭🤭
Bobby: I AM DEAD 💀💀💀
Lizz: I'm literally counting down the days till the magazine drops. For those lonely nights when no one's around... just open up the centerfold, grab my little penguin and bzzzzzz 🐧✨
Alec: EWW LIZZ WTF THAT IS SO DISGUSTING
Bobby: why u mad bro? I'm literally planning to do the exact same thing.
Alec: Fuck off 🖕
Lizz: 😭😭😭😭
Bobby: 💀💀💀💀

---


Alec: Finally fucking dressed. I have never loved denim more in my entire life. 👖😮‍💨
Lizz: look at you, back in society 💅
Alec: No but for real, I feel gross. That was actually traumatizing. Like I legit feel violated after today.
Lizz: okay don't be so dramatic Al, you were a high fashion model for a day 🙄
Alec: no Lizz, seriously. standing there basically naked while strangers touch your skin and comment on your body like you're a piece of meat... it’s a lot. I felt like a total object. I actually want to go back to the hotel and scrub my skin off.
Bobby: nah for real tho, jokes aside, that industry is predatory as hell. glad you're out of there man. 🤝
Lizz: yeah... sorry Al. we were just clowning because it's you, but that does sound lowkey shitty. you okay for real?
Alec: I will be after a five-hour shower. 🚿
Bobby: get some food bro. you probably haven't eaten since yesterday to keep those "thunder thighs" looking tight 💀
Alec: literally starving. going to find the biggest bowl of ramen in Tokyo and then sleeping for two days. ✌️
Lizz: get that bread Armani. we’re proud of you, even if you are a daikon 💖
Alec: stfu. bye. 🖕❤️🤡


---

Alec: I'M FINALLY ON FUCKING FREEDOM. You guys still up or what?
Lizz: I'm reading 📖
Bobby: Washing my junk. 🧼🚿
Alec: I'm calling you guys on IG.
Lizz: K.
Bobby: 👍

---

[розмова в інстаграмі]

---

Alec: Real talk tho guys, thank you for real. I’m literally tearing up rn. That shit was so draining, if I didn't have y'all to talk to I would’ve actually lost my mind.
Lizz: Aww look at our little Kyokon getting all emotional 🥺 stop it before I start crying too you dumbass.
Bobby: fr tho Al, we got you. Even if you are a stiff-ass radish. Go get that ramen and pass out. You earned it.
Alec: I miss y'all so much it's actually painful. This city is huge and I'm just here alone in my feelings lmao. 😭
Lizz: we miss you too slut. hurry up and get back so we can make fun of your magazine spread in person. 💅✨
Bobby: fr. I'm hitting the sack now, I'm exhausted just listening to your drama. Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
Alec: so... everything? 💀
Bobby: exactly. gn Armani. ✌️🪐
Lizz: gn bestie. Love you, mean it. try not to dream about clammy photographers. 💖
Alec: love y'all. gn. ✌️❤️😭
Bobby: p.s.
Bobby: STILL... REMEMBER THE GOLDEN RULE: GUARD URANUS AT ALL COSTS!!! 🛡️🪐🍑
Bobby: also p.p.s. you do know what lubricant is right? cuz you're gonna need it bro. those girls in Tokyo gonna be screaming "KYOKON" so loud the neighbors will think it’s an actual earthquake lmfaooo 💀😭😂
Lizz: BOB STOP 😭😭😭 Al go to sleep before he gets any worse.
Alec: I’m actually blocking you both. gn for real this time 🖕❤️😭
Bobby: 😂✌️🪐
Lizz: gn bestie 💖💅